Update dev-guide (#420)
getredash/website: src/pages/kb/open-source/dev-guide/remote-server.md

The setup in this case is very simple:

> 1. [Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v12 or later is recommended, can be installed with Homebrew on OS/X)

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (latest LTS version is recommended, can be installed with Homebrew on OS/X)
```

> 1. [Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (latest LTS version is recommended, can be installed with Homebrew on OS/X)

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the case.

Reviewer 2: LTS is fine.
